[Cache] Created cache security section and moved content (#8867)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cache/cache-security/cache-deception-armor.md

In the newsfeed example above, if `http://www.example.com/newsfeed` is a script that outputs a web page, the `Content-Type` is `text/html`. On the other hand, `http://www.example.com/newsfeed/foo.jpg` is expected to have `image/jpeg` as `Content-Type`. When a mismatch that could result in a Web Cache Deception attack is found, Cloudflare does not cache the response.

### Exceptions

- If the returned `Content-Type` is `application/octet-stream`, the extension does not matter because that is typically a signal to instruct the browser to save the asset instead of to display it.
- Cloudflare allows `.jpg` to be served as `image/webp` or `.gif` as `video/webm` and other cases that we think are unlikely to be attacks.
- Keep in mind that Cache Deception Armor depends upon [Origin Cache Control](/cache/about/cache-control/). A `Cache-Control` header from the origin,  [Edge Cache TTL Page Rule](/cache/about/edge-browser-cache-ttl/) or Browser Cache TTL zone setting may override the protection.

## Enable Cache Deception Armor

To enable Cache Deception Armor, you need to start by creating a Page Rule. Follow the steps bellow for guidance:

> 1.  Log in to your [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com) and select your domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Log in to your [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com), and select your account and domain.
```

> 2.  Select **Rules**.
> 3.  From the **Page Rules** tab, select **Create Page Rule**.
> 4.  Enter the URL information and choose the **Cache Deception Armor** setting.
> 5.  Toggle the button to **enabled**.
> 6.  Select **Save and Deploy** when you are done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Select **Rules** > **Page Rules**. 
3. Select **Create Page Rule**.
4.  Enter the URL information and choose *Cache Deception Armor* from the dropdown menu.
5.  Enable **Cache Deception Armor** .
6.  Select **Save and Deploy** when you are done.
```

Reviewer: Changed a bunch of things bc I think this better conforms to our style guide
